vista plays nice with google blockbuster
goes blue and iphone roundup and a
five-minute Charlie's Angels break ready
sex you hey there I'm rich demuro with
CNN TV and this is the Q Week in Review
we're taking a look at the top tech
stories for the fourth week of june two
thousand seven but first let's get you
started with your must click moment you
take the good you take the bad you take
them both and there you have the facts
of life the facts of life brilliant
repurposing from sony classic hit TV
shows cut down to just three to five
minutes but you still get the gist the
minisode network now live on myspace for
starters fifteen classics including
different strokes facts of life and
silver spoons there are plans for five
hundred minisodes by the end of the year
or as your boss sees it 40 hours of time
you could be working blockbuster dealt
an action-packed bone-crushing crystal
clear surround sound blow to the format
war by choosing blu-ray as its high-def
disc of choice the company says it's
still too early to declare a winner but
they notice customers renting the
blu-ray format much more frequently than
its rival HD DVD rental chain will roll
out an expanded selection of blu-ray
discs at all of its corporate owned
stores nationwide by mid-july they'll
continue to offer HD DVD online and at
select stores less than a week to the
launch of the iPhone and Apple is still
teasing us with last-minute
announcements here's a roundup the
device will have longer battery life
than they first estimated up from five
talk hours 28 it'll give you six hours
of net surfing seven hours of video and
24 hours of audio not all combined of
course if you leave it on and do nothing
else it'll last you 10 days apple also
replacing the plastic touch screen with
glass they even got a little wise guys
by comparing the iphones side by side
with alternatives users will also be
able to watch youtube wirelessly on
their iphone the first major upgrade to
Windows Vista will hit desktops later
this year and Google a driving force
behind one of the key changes the search
giant felt a little left out of vistas
built-in desktop search complaining to
regulators google says vistas search
makes it too hard to use rival products
microsoft has agreed to change vista so
you can more easily select a default
desktop search no court action was
necessary finally the site you be the
judge and Bix can make it happen the
Yahoo own site has contests on just
about anything including cutest cat best
summer movie hero and anything you want
to add people then vote on pictures
video or audio face off style until
there's a clear winner some of the
contests are just for fun others award
cash and prizes my current favorite the
twenty-thousand-dollar beauty and the
beach contest there's also a road to
nashville and an extra dance-off contest
look at that time's up for this
popularity contest remember to check out
the show notes at blog sina TV com for
links to everything i mentioned here in
the show and much more i'm rich demuro
with CNN TV in new york city stay classy
for more video like this go to cnet com
and click on cnet TV